Update blog_post_ga_release.md (#26277)
OpenLiberty/open-liberty: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blog_post_ga_release.md

Please provide the following information:

> 1. If this was previously published in a beta blog post, then provide a link to it on the next line between the `GHA-BLOG-BETA-LINK` tags.  If nothing has changed since the beta, you're done and can ommit the remaining steps.  If you need to make updates/alterations to the beta content, then do all the steps.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If this was previously published in a beta blog post, then provide the link to that `OpenLiberty/open-liberty` beta blog post issue on the next line between the <`GHA-BLOG-BETA-LINK`> tags.  If nothing has changed since the beta, you're done and can omit the remaining steps.  If you need to make updates/alterations to the beta content, then do all the steps.  
```

Author: The issue with regards to `<GHA-BLOG-BETA-LINK>` breaking the automation has been fixed in the automation
